The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah, we,
you and I privately had this conversation through text messages about the
way reporters are using this moment to criticize
Trump with in ridiculous ways.
And one of them was this a questioning
of whether or not he should describe these drugs that have some promise,
which many doctors are describing hydroxy chloroquine with a Z pack.
And zinc apparently is a combination that keeps getting brought up.
And there's a doctor that has been using this, uh, to, uh,
some reported success in New York city. Um,
but what drives me crazy is that these are rare opportunities that someone has
to talk to the president and they're using it to chastise him for bringing
up drugs that do show promise and hope. He's not telling people to go take it.
He's not advocating it.
He's not pretending that he's some sort of medical professional.
He's just talking about some things that show promise in the medical community.
You know, what, what is your take on all this? Cause this is a w it's,
it's a weird situation that he finds himself in with the press is very strange,
uh, and antagonistic position.
Yeah. You know, the press needs to figure out who they want to be. And, uh,
it's actually like chapter two in my book, it's called who is your hero?
And that in that conversation is about who we think we should be like, well,
what kind of people do we think we should be?
What does it mean to be a good American, a good citizen?
The press believes it is their duty to only be adversarial
to, to politicians, mostly conservative politicians.
They don't treat Democrats the same way, but, and that is their job. Okay.
I wish they would treat all, all,
all politicians the same and intuitive to an extent that is their job to be
adversarial, to question what is coming out of government.
But I would argue that their main purpose is to simply educate the public,
educate the public full. That's a faxed full context,
a full understanding of what's going on. Uh, I think on that point,
they're utterly failing. Um, and to, to a huge extent,
I think they've been failing for a long time,
but in a time of crisis where it's so important that they actually do that,
that, that more important thing of informing the public they're really failing.
And they, they, they, they, they completely wasted time. I mean,
how many reporters actually get access to the president?
I bet there's hundreds of thousands of reporters out there. Good ones who would,
who would love to be able to be in that press briefing room and actually ask
legitimate questions that would inform the American public. But, but they don't,
they play these gotcha games. Now the last question is like,
what do you want to say to people who are upset with you right now? It's like,
what, how is, how does that a good.
Question? How's a news right.
In the middle of Japan. I mean, it was,
it's so utterly absurd and unnecessary.
I actually have a list of questions. I don't want to read them all,
but they're there, they're a complete waste of time.
And I think they're failing us miserably.
And then there's the opportunism that occurs like, listen,
there's if you're writing an op-ed, if you're a journalist writing an op-ed, um,
let's say an opinion journalist, especially, I,
I fully understand why you, you might, you might say,
you might write in your report. Okay. The president said this today,
but three weeks ago they said this, so there's been a change. That's fine.
That makes total sense. That that provides context to the reader.
Even it might be biased and whatever, but, but, but to,
but to only do that indirect questioning with the president,
just to try and play this gotcha game. I, it's not helpful.
It's not helpful at all. And it's not informing anybody. Um, in the least,
you know, you mentioned the, uh, the president talking favorably about, um,
the, uh, chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine, and you remember the,
the couple that ingested that out in Arizona. Um,
because that I, something, something similar to,
I think it's a core core queen phosphate or something like that.
It might be misspeaking its but that's an yeah, it's an ingredient on fishbowl,
cleaner fish tank cleaner. And so they saw it and they ingested it,
which was obviously a terrible idea. Nobody would, nobody told them to do that.
Um, and then the media, the media, instead of saying, wow,
this is a shame that they take, get this,
they blame the president and they blame the president for talking about what,
what is a at least anecdotally, a proven way to combat this disease.
We don't know through clinical trials, whether, uh,
in mass it will actually work, but, but to express optimism over it, um,
it does seem to be a, a punishable offense.
But the outrage mob is, is, was,
was fully invested in this kind of outrage reasoning to, to,
to tear down the president over this. And it just, it just feels so unnecessary.
I mean, oh, that's right. That's why I wrote this book.
But the book is about outrage culture. Um, in our, in our,
like in this sort of weird new cultural need to just go after each
other in the worst of ways.
What is it? There's a new ability to do that. I mean,
this is what it is with these new tools that people have through social media
and through making these viral video clips,
which is what each reporter is hoping they're going to accomplish by being
combative with the president and trying to catch him on something.
They're hoping that they're going to create this viral video that's gonna
accelerate their career.
It's it's very self-aggrandizing it's and it's disturbing that there's,
there's not someone who stands out that does these sort of press
junkets that doesn't do that.
Yeah. Um,
I actually write about that exact point in my book like this w w we've begun to
do is reward this sort of,
I would say overly passionate, emotional behavior. So we,
we we've replaced sophisticated reasoning with outrage.
You know, we, we we've to change who we actually view as heroes.
This is how I describe it. We all have hero archetypes. Okay. And like,
we grew up this way and there's, there's like fictional characters,
like the Jetta, like that's a, that's like a hero archetype for Superman.
We kind of look up to this person or, or like, or like real characters,
like Rosa parks or Jesus. Like there's,
there's people that we actually look up to and we identify with,
and there are certain attributes that we use and we say, I want to be like that.
And so when I act in public, I'm going to, I'm going to,
I'm going to access that attribute and I'm going to be better. And according,
according to that archetype,
and we've sort of turned that on a Ted and in our,
in our current outrage mob culture,
like we see somebody who plays the victim and we cheer them on.
When the reality, what we used to do is see somebody who overcame the adversity,
who was a true hero. And then we cheered them on we've totally reversed that.
And like, so and so,
and so you actually get more points if you're more snarky,
if you're meaner, if you're, if you're,
if you're playing this kind of cheap shot game. And like, in my book,
I use this example of like these, these, this group of veterans, they,
they were waiting for me in my office that was going on.
And, um, I knew something was off because the veterans, my age, they,
we never wear the, like the ball cap, you know,
like with the gold letters that say veteran on it, we never wear that.
But these guys were wearing that. So that was,
that was my first sign that something was different about these guys,
but they just asked for a picture and, um, I figured that was it.
And then we'd keep going. But, uh, the second thing that was off was like, they,
they weren't, um, they weren't looking at the camera, they were fiddling as,
as I was like posing for this camera for this photo.
And I thought that was strange.
And it turns out they were just getting their own video camera ready to record.
And then they start following me and like, just go nuts.
Like they lose their minds, um, talking about Trump and, you know, uh, uh,
betraying the country and just all this nonsense.
And so there was just trying to have a.
Gotcha moment with.
You. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Th th this is what they do. They're a,
they're an activist group and they'll they'll corner people like me and try and
get like a viral video going. And then, you know,
it's up to me at that point to just like, understand what's happening.
It just kind of walked silently.
And then I kind of engage with them in some funny ways, but they were,
they were becoming extremely emotional. I mean, their voices started to crack.
It was, which was, you know.
Who knows what that's saying about you or to you?
Oh, how, how could you, how could you let,
how could you betray the country by supporting the president? I mean,
things like that, mostly sloganeering like this,
wasn't like a deep conversation by any means, but, but that's the point,
the point is, is that they're rewarded for that, like overly emotional, um,
in motion, like, you know, filming while,
while walking type of type of scenario. And then they like,
and then there's this whole deal where I have to get in the elevator,
because that's how I get to the votes. Like I leave my,
my office on the fourth floor in cannon.
I take the elevator down to the basement. I walk across, like,
that's just my route. And so,
but what they do is as I get into the elevator, they're like, Joe,
he's hiding from us, running away from us.
And the Newsweek like writes up the same story. Like, there's this,
there's this entire culture behind this notion that, that,
that you, that you have to use as much emotion as possible. And as an express,
your anger in, in the most exceptional of ways,
otherwise it's not worth listening to, but we haven't stopped as a culture.
We have to stop rewarding it. And that's what I talked about.
We have to stop rewarding, that kind of behaviors that actually ceases to
control us that way.
Well, they accomplished what they wanted to do.
We're talking about them right now,
although you didn't give up their name good for you, but you,
you talked about them and that's what they wanted. I mean,
there's so many groups out there that are,
I don't even know if they have an end game, the end game seems to be,
just get attention and, you know,
and shine the light on these atrocities or whatever, the,
whatever they feel like is an atrocity.